hey guys i'm just going to show you how
to get to the secret room in algoma
impact 4.2 so if we didn't knew the
secret room and glitch you have to go
around here on the map to get under I'm
not sure this is bad a ball or not I
don't think it is like GM island but
because it's like a memorial but it can
be to do it at your own risk now this
you have to come up to this little room
in the drag here and its opposite
tailoring thing or next to tailoring
thing I don't I don't do tailoring for
that for location and like storm unlike
mountain
you keep jumping and then you hit this
building and you have to try and hit the
roof of that building and then you fall
down to hear it might take you a few
tries but I've done it quite a few times
and then the route is a lot easier than
before we want to do is just stay
grounded and then kind of want to go
into if it will ditch over here and make
sure you stay on them and now you should
light up and make sure you don't go into
any buildings you want to stay over here
until you come directly under this
little thing here and then you fly up
make sure you come on the bite into the
right one hold on no flow into the wrong
one do you want to go into the right one
actually it may be slightly easier okay
you know it's the right one when you can
see the little tunnel there and you want
to keep on this site of the little ward
you can see and then as soon as you hit
that BAM urine and then you if you can
look downwards you can see the little
exit here which would just take your
back out some little worlds which you
did but you want to go out this lid
little tunnel thing as you'll know and
you're in that secret little room with
two WK em for the memorial well I'm I'd
be enjoying it I hope it's easier for
you to get to now it's a lot easier nice
for the chair glitch they match that one
and made it no easier and just check it
out you just come out here look you're
there and then you can't get back in
again you have to repeat it all over
again well I hope you enjoyed this video
and that you have a much easier time and
get into the little secret room here now
yeah thank you bye bye